Thursday August 1 

00:00

One of my tennis connections came through and found someone who was willing to look at my profile for a paid work learning experience. I will have a call with them today. Hopefully everything goes well.

Did some slight work on the MP3 editor. Spent most of the day playing the new Arknights event and researching the potential free lance opportunity.

Saturday August 3 

10:56

So the freelancing opportunity failed. I needed to be a student in order to receive the funding from the government.

I’m gonna change my job search strategy. Instead of strictly looking at software developer jobs, I’ll just search for all jobs. I noticed recently that there’s a fair amount of technical jobs that still involved some sort of computer science knowledge that isn’t posted as a developer job. 

Looks like the stock market is falling. There seems to be a lot of dips in the past few days.

Monday August 5 

10:54

Met up with an old friend again yesterday. Had a nice chat about this and that. Seems that they’ll be living back home for the next little while in their lives.

I spent a bit of time checking out some high school classmate’s socials yesterday. Looks like a lot of people are doing well. Then there’s me. Aha.

Wednesday August 8 

16:44

I spent all of yesterday reading a new web novel I picked up called Running Away From the Hero. The plot is just too funny.

One of the arcs that happened in the plot was an academy arc where students were “encouraged” to study for 14 hours a day. If I were to try my best to do something like that, how far would I go?

I also quit Arknights. I realised I just didn’t enjoy the story all that much compared to FGO.

Sunday August 11

17:40

My mom won a galaxy tablet from her workplace on Friday so I’ll probably be using it when the case I ordered off Temu arrives. Not too sure what I’ll be using it for, if I will be using it at all.

I applied to more jobs but realistically I don’t think I’m gonna get anywhere. I finished rewriting my resume today and tried to make the points more concise and easier to read, so let’s see if future job postings will have more success.

I also started reading Reverend Insanity. MC is supposedly evil, but so far it’s a decent read.

20:31

Tennis strings broke near the end of summer again. What a big shame.

Tuesday August 13 

00:17

Happy belated birthday me! 

Met up with an old friend after last seeing them a year ago. Looks like they are doing good which is nice to see. Slowly meeting up with everyone who's positively affected my life in high school. 

Made a Reddit post about my resume but no real feedback. sigh looks like everything is still up to me to solve. 

Planning to get my strings strung at a new place for much cheaper.

Tuesday August 13 

23:28

Read a few turn your brain off light novel volumes today. Was pretty hilarious (“I'm the evil lord of an intergalactic empire”). Also read a few more chapters of Reverend Insanity. The story is getting better with each chapter.

I finished watching Pluto yesterday. It was and intriguing watch and I can definitely see why others would rate it highly.

Applied and rejected from more jobs.

Planning on getting my tennis strings done tomorrow for a much cheaper price at a new location.

I’ve decided to add my journal to my website. Even though no one will be reading it, it’ll be encouragement for me to write something daily. When I think of the past, everything is jumbled together so this will be good if I ever have to refer to something that happened.

Wednesday August 14 

22:06

Started doing Leetcode again for the first time in a while. If past experience is anything, just spending 30 minutes on something each day goes a long way towards getting good at it.

I also applied to a few more jobs. It does suck applying to so many positions without any positive feedback. Although I have been noticing that more rejections are from actual people so it looks like the revisions to my resume have been doing some good.

I got my tennis strings done this evening. The stringer was really friendly and I will be going back to him for future stringing, if he's still available.

Stared watching Undead Unluck. So far a good watch. It's satisfying easy more realistic fights in the sense that enemies don't tell you their abilities and shout out what they're doing. Figuring out their gimmick makes everything more engaging. 

Thursday August 15 

10:20

When I was in grade 5 (I think), I used to be bullied by someone, but it wasn't anything major. I can't remember exactly what happened, but one day after school, I was being bullied as I was leaving the school grounds. It caught the eye of a few people and suddenly the triplets from my grade appeared and told the bully to stop. I don't know why I'm remembering this now (maybe since it's because I just finished reading "Chitose Is in the Ramune Bottle", a recommended LN), but I'm really thankful for what they did. I owe them one and I hope I'll be able to repay back their kindness one day.

23:42

I started using boolean search for LinkedIn jobs. Don't know why it took me so long to start using it but I can finally start skipping all the irrelevant job postings.

Played a few more hours of tennis and watched more Undead Unluck.

Friday August 16

23:45

If I were to spend all my time learning stats and working on analytical projects, how far could I go? Would it be enough for me to become a data analyst? A data scientist?

More job applications & tennis & Undead Unluck.

Saturday August 17

23:46

Spent most of my day redesigning my personal site. It now looks like something you can make in less than a day. If I were to add up all the hours I've spent redoing it, would things have gone differently?

Was a stormy day tonight. Record breaking amounts of rain. Didn't go outside and watched more Undead Unluck. 
