Saturday June 15 23:15

Not sure why I’m starting one now since I never really look back at the past but I guess if I do, I now have something to look back on.

I graduated from university 4 days ago (the 11th) and nothing has really changed in my life if I were to be honest. I don’t feel different either. I don’t think things will really change until I finally land myself a job. I’ve been focusing on applying to jobs for the past month and doing what I can to improve my resume. Over 250 applications so far, but all rejections or ghosts. It’s really hard knowing what I should be improving and I understand the job market isn’t too good for us new grads right now. I’ve taken a break from applications this week, and started doing more coding type questions. I will have few opportunities in the future and I need to ensure that when I get them, I’m in the best position possible to represent myself.

Sunday June 16 22:15

Most of today was forgettable. Did some more reading on bond investing since I am clueless about finance. I am planning on learning the basics behind bonds, stocks, mutual funds and ETFs if I want some sort of an early retirement.

I did end up meeting with a longtime friend of mine today. He discussed his startup plan with me and I was really impressed with the idea of his. His product will fulfil an important niche and with the news nowadays, be more relevant than ever. I really hope it will be successful.

One thing I did notice while talking to him was that I really need to work on my social skills. I was stumbling over words a lot or just not knowing how to properly convey ideas. I use to be a lot better, but I guess things have gone downhill since the pandemic.

Thursday June 20 15:09

After looking into investments for the past week, I finally started my investment journey today by spending around $1000 to buy XEQT and TEC ETF shares. I made some mistakes however. First mistake I did was buy impulsively and not take a proper look at the chart beforehand to see how the price was fluctuating. If I had waited and bought around noon, I would’ve seen the price dipping and hence make a better buy. As of now I’m down ~$5.5, or 0.5%. Super small amount so it was a good lesson learned.

I also now understand the emotions behind investing. I can feel an urge to check in on my earnings constantly. Its similar to starting a game for the first time and seeing progress. But if personal experience is any indicator, this will mean that I’ll get over this in a few days.

… 

Actually, after reading a few things, I learned that even if a person were to always buy at market highs, as long as they hold they would almost always make a profit given a long enough time. So in my case, I’ll just buy a few shares every month and not worry too much about things. 

Saturday June 22 16:00

Met up with a long time friend of mine this afternoon and had takeout that I ate a few times when I was in high school. Portion was a little smaller than I remembered and definitely less sauce, but still very good. I felt bad for the neighbouring takeout shops as some didn’t have much customers, but that’s just how things are.

My friend also gave me a few driving tips that they learned from their driving instructor that I found very helpful. I made a mistake on the way back however at a parking lot intersection when I turned left when it was not my right of way since I felt that I had enough room with another car turning right in front of their left turning car. Learned from it and won’t repeat it again.

Monday June 24 11:59

It took some time for me to fall asleep yesterday since I kept thinking about getting my drivers licence. I’ve been pushing it since I want to obtain a job first and then not have to worry about my bank account balance. Since it’s always at the back of my mind, it’s time I get it out of the way.

Sunday June 30 14:53

After spending the last few days working on my website, I finally managed to get it in an acceptable spot. Still a long ways to go, but it’s now presentable to the public at the very least.
