Tuesday October 1

22:29

“Even so I believed we formed a bond that was far from shallow”
  - Holo to Lawrence (Spice and Wolf Remake)

Why was this statement from Holo the most memorable quote of the series for me? It just popped in my head this morning and hasn't disappeared since.

Wednesday October 2

23:20

The days are starting to get monotonous. 

Thursday October 3

23:19

Not really sure what to do for the future.

Friday October 4

23:33

New strategy: apply for F500 jobs.

Saturday October 5

23:34

Friend of an acquaintance helped me with resume and job search strategy.

Sunday October 6

23:39

Made some resume adjustments.

Monday October 7

22:02

Started dedicating time of day to practicing behavioural interview responses and leetcode.

The feeling when your in a semi sprinting state when running is unmatched, compared to other sports.

Oshi No Ko is good.

Tuesday October 8

23:05

Slow and steady wins the race, but darn is it hard to not feel pressured.

Wednesday October 9

23:43

The days are starting to get cold once more.

Thursday October 10

23:44

Reached the OA round for one company. Planning on doing it tomorrow.

Friday October 11

23:27

Submitted the OA.

Saturday October 12

23:41

Rest day.

Sunday October 13

22:57

It's been 4 months since I started this journal and for the most part it's been all over the place. I mostly just talk about my days, but everything is so monotonous that sometimes I just don't feel like writing anything.

Starting tomorrow, I want to write more about my thoughts and how I'm feeling. I'll write down anything interesting that happens too.

So yeah, hopefully things will be better from here on out.

Monday October 14

23:09

Happy Thanksgiving! Though for me it was just another day.

Starting from this entry, I'll try to answer one question every day. 

What do I like?

I like reading and watching stories. I enjoy experiencing the world that someone has created, for a lack of better words to describe why. If I had the choice, I would spend 100% of my day doing this. In the near future I may find myself being the one to create a journey.

Tuesday October 15

22:02

Somehow, the freelancing opportunity I mentioned earlier in August pulled through in a completely unexpected way. I'm due to start Thursday. I'm truly happy.

A new anime I just finished and thought was good is Days with my Stepsister. Please don't get any misconceptions based on the title, as this is a slow burning journey of 2 teens exploring and understanding their feelings for one another, and not a gag as one would expect when they hear the words 'stepsister' and 'romance' in the same sentence.

Question for today: What do I not like?

There is a lot of things I don't like but put up with. Off the top of my head, the thing I hate the most is when people laugh at someone trying their hardest to do something. Even more so when they're failing but still not giving up. 

Wednesday October 16

22:54

So today I visited a condo where I'll likely be moving into in Feburary. The space is definitely smaller than my current accomodations and the environment a lot busier, but I think it'll be a good change of pace for my life.

Question of the day: If I could instantly master something, what would it be?

The ability to look at an outcome and know all the steps needed to get there. Really useful if I ever want to create something.

Thursday October 17

23:23

First day of my contracted work. Definitely felt a little weird and felt a bit list at first on what to work on. But I'm slowly getting the groove of things.

Question of the day: If I could live in any fictional world for a week, where would it be?

Uh.. I honestly have no clue how to answer this. I'd settle for any world really, as long as I can live out my life.

Friday October 18

23:33

I keep thinking of programming and work related tasks after work. I think this feeling I'm experiencing at the back of my head is stress.
