Sunday September 1

23:45

I pretty much did nothing today ahaha.

Monday September 2

22:24

I started on a data analysis project today involving TTC bus traffic delay. It's enjoyable, though the concern I have is that my analysis is surface level, i.e. is plotting points on a graph and writing what you see not too simple?

One of my major flaws is that I want to be able to do something in moments, be it picking up a new skill or starting a new project. But when it takes longer than expected, I want to do something else. It's not realistic to be good at something without putting in the effort, yet I'm just so impatient.

Tuesday September 3

23:15

Got my first non negative response today! It's from a startup and even though there's a high chance I won't pass the initial phone interview, I've finally made some sort of progress over the last couple of months.

Wednesday September 4

23:33

Well today's interview went poorly aha. When I was asked the question where I see myself in 5 years and what I'm best in the world at, my brain just froze. A year ago I would've been able to answer this just fine but now I'm not sure. What do I want to be doing in 5 years? 

Somehow I still advanced to the next stage with a take home assessment due in a few days. I plan to finish it, but I'm not too optimistic about my future chances.

Thursday September 5

23:05

Worked on the take home assessment. Not much to say about it other than the fact that I really need to take my time reading the instructions and planning before writing. So much time would have been saved.

Also went out to eat at a Korean restaurant with a couple of friends. Had a blast playing the jester.

Friday September 6

23:15

Did a bit more work on the take home. Every major feature is complete, just some minor bugs and styling adjusments to make. 

Saturday September 7

23:26

Submitted the assessment today. Regardless of the results, I'm happy with the amount of effort I put into it and learned a lot of valuable things.

Started reading Losing Money to Be a Tycoon. Another really funny misunderstanding WN.

Sunday September 8

23:23

Spend the whole day reading more Losing Money to Be a Tycoon.

Monday September 9

23:36

Nothing too notable.

Tuesday September 10

23:30

Had to run some errands at the bank today.

Wednesday September 11

23:29

Wrote a script to help make my LinkedIn job search a bit easier. Started using a new job search site called hiring.cafe. Seems promising.

Thursday September 12

23:19

Improve my LinkedIn job search script. Generated some frontend project ideas. Still trying to figure out what I want to do, but it's hard being selective in this job market.

Friday September 13

23:48

Starting to get a bit more positive feedback on my applications. Could this be the turning point? 

Almost done recovering from a neck strain.

Saturday September 14

23:20

Looks like hiring is definitely picking up. Next week is an important one for me as I have an interview scheduled sometime then. I have limited options at this point so I really need to pick up the slack for the remainder of the month.

Sunday September 15

23:39

Other than practicing some interview questions I really didn't do all that much today. 

Monday September 16

14:38

Once again, the interview went really poorly. From the begininning I was rambling and struggling to communicate my thoughts. On the bright side, I understand what I need to do moving forwards. I need to be familiar with everything in my resume and be prepared to discuss each point thoroughly. I also need a lot more practice answering interview question more consisely.

It feels really awful missing out on the few chances I have, given how little there are in the first place.

Tuesday September 17

23:39

Somehow, I made it to the next round of interviews. Looks like this particular scene isn't over yet. I don't know what to expect, but I'm going to do what I can in the next two days.

The Dangers in My Heart is a good watch for those who don't mind romcom animes. Lots of good moments in the 2nd season.

Wednesday September 18

23:39

Looked at some frontend interview preparation platforms and also checked out some interesting projects.

Thursday September 19

23:34

Did my best reviewing React knowledge in preperation for tomorrow. I realized that there's a lot of things I still don't know. I guess whatever happens, happens.

Friday September 20

14:40

Well, the interview definitely could have gone better. Every resource was available but I jumped into coding too quickly without spending enough time planning an approach. I also tackled bonus features, which ultimately led to me not completing key functionalities. In aiming for both targets, I hit none. 

I learned a lot from this and I know that next time, things will go different.

Saturday September 21

23:22

When you know you need to improve your resume by working on new projects but you can't think of anything fun to do...

Sunday September 22

23:32

Two candles flicker in the dusk’s soft glow, one warms my heart, the other lets me go. Fun or usefulness, which one is the correct choice?

Monday September 23

23:37

Somehow, I reached the final round of interviews. I'm really grateful for everything that's happened so far, and no matter what happens tomorrow, I can look back on this last week with a wistful smile.

Tuesday September 24

23:41

It's all over now, mostly for the good. I gave my best efforts during the interview and I'm satisfied how I performed given the conditions. Of course, there's a world where I could've done better, but I'll know the results tomorrow.

Wednesday September 25

23:42

Rest day.

Thursday September 26

20:20

It looks like I did not get the job. Ah. Even though I knew I wasn't the best candidate, why does it still hurt?

Friday September 27

23:31

One of my job applications made it to the round of interviews. Let's hope that I'll do better answering behavioural questions this time around.
